Added information about URL aliases vs internal URL. (#31)
govcms-training/content-admin: unit-7-managing-url-aliases-and-redirects/about-url-aliases.md

### About URL aliases

A URL alias is when you create a specific, descriptive URL for a page you’ve created. 

> By default, Drupal uses internal URLs, such as /node/183745 or /media/345. Internal URLs may be difficult to remember, they are also meaningless numbers. Compare /node/18276419 and /our-team. GovCMS includes a module (pathauto), which allows to take care about transforming Drupal's internal URLs into a human-friendly URL aliases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Drupal uses internal URLs, such as /node/183745 or /media/345. Internal URLs can be of very little use to site visitors, since they contain difficult-to-remember random numbers. GovCMS includes the Pathauto module, which once properly configured, automatically converts these internal URLs into human-friendly URL aliases. These aliases use keywords, such as the content title, instead of random numbers. To better understand the usefulness of URL aliases, compare /node/18276419 vs. /our-team for example. 
```
